adding more examples to text template node (#692)
gravwell/wiki: flows/nodes/template.md

The Go implementation of Mustache Templates includes a variety of control systems for iterating over arrays, performing conditional output, and even setting local variables.  For a deep dive on examples see the [package documentation on Actions](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template#hdr-Actions).

```{note}

> The text template requires a concrete type to interact with, so it is often nessasary to pull data out of asearch using GetTableResults or GetTextResults before working with a search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text template requires a concrete type to interact with, so it is often necessary to pull data out of a search using GetTableResults or GetTextResults before working the data.
```

Scheduled every 1h0m0s
Last Run: 2023-02-16 20:01:45.606580068 +0000 UTC
```

## Example - Extracting Query Values

> The Text template can index into result data and extract specific values, this can be useful when using query result values for high level fields.  This example shows running a query that looks for users with excessive login failures and sends an email with the user and failure rates in the subject line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Text template can index into result data and extract specific values. This can be useful when using query result values for high level fields. This example shows running a query that looks for users with excessive login failures and sends an email with the user and failure rates in the subject line.
```
